In this lecture we will learn about images and HMO.
Let's take a closer look at how we can display images and HMO the image tags used to display images
inside of the image tag we will use the source attribute to specify the source of the image.
We can also specify the width and height of an image in a female using the width and height attributes.
For example if we wanted to set the width and height of an image to 200 pixels we could do the following.
We will add an image tag to our code and specify the source attribute with a value of star PAGG.
One of the example images that comes with this course we will also use the width and height attributes
set to a value of 200.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code
if we typed everything correctly and have the image in the proper location on our computer the same
directory as our e-mail file.
Then we should see the store image display on our webpage.
If you have images in a subfolder in your file directory you have to provide the full file path in the
source attribute.
Let's go back to the editor and change your code to the following.
Now when we go back to the browser and run our code you will see this new image displayed in the browser.
Let's take a second to look at the folder structure for this example.
If we go to our file explorer and navigate to the folder that has our female code in it you will see
that I have a folder within that folder called image inside of this folders the checkerboard JPEG image
that I used in this example.
When we say subfolder we are just referring to a folder within another folder in order for the code
in this example to work the subfolder has to be in the same folder as your HDMI file.
You can also specify the relevant image on the web as the source attribute within an image tag to use
that image in your web page to see an example of this.
Let's jump back to the Visual Studio code editor.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code.
Let's jump back to the editor as we saw in the lecture on hyperlinks from before we can make images
clickable.
It is also possible to make only parts of an image clickable by using an image map.
Let's take a look at an example of how we can create and use an image map on our webpage.
First we need an image.
Let's use this image
next.
The use map attribute to the image tag.
Then we will use the map tag to give our map a name.
They should be whatever value we give the use map attribute of our image
the area that we use has three important attributes seen here the shape attribute allows us to define
the shape of the clickable area on our image the coordinates attribute specifies the coordinates of
the four corners of our rectangle.
The A-Trak attribute is the same attribute we have used in the past with hyperlinks.
It allows us to specify you are able to link to.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code.
Let's jump back to the editor.
You can specify as many clickable areas as you want within your image for example adding another area
element adds another clickable area to our map.
Images are an important part of web pages and it is important that you know the different ways you can
use images to provide the best user experience to users in the next lecture.
We will learn about the basics of creating a button in each T.M..